# University-Feedback-System
## Overview
University Feedback is online website which provide information about universities, students and study programs to everyone and the main purpose is to help students around the world to choose study program based on their interest and requirements. Mostly, we can easily find information regarding different universities, study programs and scholarships in the internet, we can search and browse these type of information comparatively to help us view and compare the information in a single interface which mostly help students to find study programs, and in some cases students are not happy with their selected study program so they change or maybe drop it, the fact is usually students refer to friends to get their view about considered study program but there is no online and public platform that can provide opportunity for students to give review and share their experiences about their universities and study programs they have been studying and in other hand there is no opportunity for students to know about students review, experiences and understanding about different study programs and universities around the world, most of the students may refer to their friends but if someone want to study abroad then it's a challenge to limit one's self to few reviews of friends, university feedback is online platform which values student's reviews and experiences and provides opportunity to everyone interested to go through the reviews, ratings and experiences of students and searching study programs based on reviews, it can help to easily decide study programs. Users can search and browse information related to universities, study programs, current students, post a question in forum, chat with available mentors and the main point is to be able to search feedbacks from students regarding the study programs and socialize with current students to get further insight about university and overall environment. 
## Contributors
1. Palwasha as Developer
2. Nicolas as Designer
3. Kristi as Designer
4. Serena as Designer
## Possible framework(s)
Possible framework to be used for developing the prototype is HTML and CSS.
## Target platform(s) 
University Feedback is a web app and it’s considered to be compatible and run in multiple interfaces like laptop, mobile, tablet, smart TV.
## Guide to installing/running the prototype (this can be filled out later as your progress with developing your prototype). 
Will be done later...
## More detailed description of the developing prototype
The University Feedback is an online Website that is synced with various University accounts from users in the community. The website is for all University current students or graduates in various Programs, from Masters to Bachelors and Doctorates. The Platform is available for all users that experienced studies in a University around the World.
The platform offers reviews, feedbacks, ratings as well as online forums that its users provide on the platform via posting information from their profile. The information provided by the users are based on their past or present experience on Study programs and not courses. In this way students can rate and give feedback to the community about a study program and also graduates will provide their experience for the upcoming students that are interested.
Once a user creates the account he can sync his account with the University’s email account that is attempting at the time. Trust of users is provided by syncing actual University’s emails and having their profile updated with their studies at all time. This will make sure that they have a verified account and their feedback information will be trusted.
In the platform viewers and anonymous users will have access to the information provided in the website but with much less capabilities. However Viewers can just browse and search the website but not post feedback unless they create an account. Anonymous users on the other hand will not have the trusted and verified symbol on their profiles, meaning that their comments and feedback will not be us trusted as if they were verified users.
The platform offers online chat box capabilities only for users that work as mentors on the platform. They can receive notifications for instant chat box requests and show availability to other users (Online/Offline).
The platform will also provide filter capabilities in the SEO so users can search for specific Universities, fields of study and study programs. If a user is interested to communicate and socialize with other users the platform provides a messaging system where users can communicate with each other, also messages are send to the user’s email account. 
## Overview of the main usage scenarios
The main Usage scenario is creating a Platform where Current Students or Graduates are posting their experience on their actual studies or find information about their upcoming studies they are interested in. Socializing with the community and gaining the information that you need from the platform before attempting studies in a Study Program will have more satisfying results in the upcoming future path of students. Also Graduates students can post their previous experiences with others and help students choose more wisely how their studying path should evolve.
## Overview of the main User stories
In this Platform can have access viewers, users, verified users, mentors as well as anonymous users.

Viewers: Viewers in the website can use the platform for gathering information, viewing feedback, ratings and using the SEO capabilities of the website. However they can’t add information on forums, rate and give feedback as well as socialize with other users as personal information from users will be hidden from them. The can also register as users by providing their personal information as well as their email.

Users: Users are viewers who provided their personal information as well as their email in the website and they created an account in it. Users can view personal information of other users, socialize with other users, add feedback, provide ratings and upload posts on forums. They can search for university’s in the platform, they can search information with the hashtag option for more specific results, feedbacks and posts and search based on all search filters provided. However a user don’t have the capability of Upvoting.

Anonymous Users: Anonymous users are the users who don’t want their names to be shown in the community. Users are viewers who provided their personal information as well as their email in the website and they created an account in it. Users can view personal information of other users, socialize with other users, add feedback, provide ratings and upload posts on forums. They can search for universities in the platform, they can search information with the hashtag option for more specific results, feedbacks and posts and search based on all search filters provided. However an anonymous user don’t have the capability of Upvoting. Anonymous Users can upgrade to verifies users by providing the personal information.

Verified User: Verified users are the users that linked their universities emails through out their academic experience. Verified Users can view personal information of other users, socialize with other users, add feedback, provide ratings and upload posts on forums. They can search for Universities in the platform, they can search information with the hashtag option for more specific results, feedbacks and posts and search based on all search filters provided. Also they have the access of Upvoting option. They can Upvote Study Programs, Universities, reviews/ feedbacks, can upvote best reply in forums, get email notifications and update their profile as mentors.

Mentor: Mentors are Verified Users that linked their universities emails through out their academic experience. Verified Users can view personal information of other users, socialize with other users, add feedback, provide ratings and upload posts on forums. They can search for Universities in the platform, they can search information with the hashtag option for more specific results, feedbacks and posts and search based on all search filters provided. Also they have the access of Upvoting option. They can Upvote Study Programs, Universities, reviews/ feedbacks, can upvote best reply in forums, get email notifications and update their profile as mentors. As mentors they can show availability to other users for instant help (Online/Offline). They can get notification about starting instant chat.
## Images of the different views/screens from your paper prototype and wireframe and a brief description of them. 
soon....
